# VSDL-lite-scenario-editor
The PWA for editing VSDL-lite scenarios to be used with V2K or deployed directly on KYPO with further modification when required.

The PWA is based on VSDL-to-KYPO(V2K) tool, the PWA is GUI for V2K which uses VSDL-lite scenario format to save and load scenarios.
In the app these scenario can be editted without knowledge of VSDL-lite.
the V2K github: https://github.com/AlexanderKovac1750/VSDL-to-KYPO.git

## Deploying PWA
To deploy the PWA fast:
1. clone the repository
2. open command line in the repository directory
3. run command: server -s build

The PWA can be accessed locally or remotely through public address.
The PWA is by default running in browser, but can be installed by clicking Download/Editor(this)

Most browsers require https to allow PWA to be installed, with http, the PWA can usually only be installed locally.
For more solid deployment of PWA with https other plaftorms like vercel or vite can be used.

## Building PWA
To build PWA from source code:
1. clone the repository
2. open command line in the repository directory
3. run command: npm install

## Relation to VSDL-to-KYPO(V2K)
This project was developed by authors of V2K as way to simplify user experience.

Compared to V2K Some features were simplified and streamlined for better user experience and pragmatism:
- dropdown menus instead of complex syntax
- the vulnerabilities require manual implementation
- no software versioning logic is present

These compromises allow the PWA to be fast and responsive and run inside the web browser.
However when more unique aspect of V2K are needed the PWA allows the user to save the scenario and further modify it.

All scenario built in PWA are V2K compliant.
Valid V2K scenario generated by other means may be incorrectly parsed by the PWA and have certain statements omitted.
(logical and comparison operators, excluding the is opertator...)
